---
title: I was a square when I met her
date: "2019-01-08T03:20:00+05:30"
image: ./assets/square.jpg
excerpt: "Love is not a result of change"
categories:
    - Poetry
tags:
    - Love
---

I was a square when I met her  
Pretty in her red velvet sweater  
Like no one in the room was better  
Sitting across the room, you see  
I'd stare each day and wonder  
Damn, those curves!  
But also, how she was circle  
A perfect smooth circle  
With teeth that sparkle  
And always wore a turtle  
I'd stare each day and wonder  
If I could ever hold her hands  
Fingers intertwined  
Standing a little inclined  
Leaving my skin behind  
To put our hearts in a bind  
Because, that's how it starts  
Right?  
You'd call it infatuation  
Desire, an obsession  
Lust, a fascination  
But it's easy to tell  
When I'm in love  
Love, you see, moulds me  
But not because it is needed  
But because I want to  
Be a better me, for love  
To hold on to me  
Two circles, hand in hand  
Walking to the beach, be tanned  
Skate around in fairy land  
Dancing to their favourite band  
That's how it always goes  
Right?  
It's easy to tell  
When I'm in love  
Today, I'll be a circle  
Be the greatest circle  
Cutest circle  
Smartest circle  
Strongest circle  
I will be  
The squarest circle  
Oh, yes.  
The  
Squarest  
Circle  
I can't let it happen again  
Rectangle oh rectangle  
Rectangle was my first love  
Pretty from each angle  
Always shaking her bangle  
Takes a minute to entangle  
I, well,  
I was a Pentagon when I met her  
Rectangle,  
She said she liked my butt  
Ha!  
No  
She said she liked me, but,  
She wrote me a big letter  
Wished I was thinner  
Had lesser perimeter  
Just her not much better  
She wished  
I became a square  
And so  
I became a square  
Within her I could hide  
About my shapes now I lied  
But no matter how I tried  
She never saw my real side.  
That was the day I learnt,  
Love is not a result of change  
Love is a desire to change  
A better change.  
A better you.  
Better. Like a circle do.  
That's how, in a jiffy I knew,  
I will be  
The  
Squarest  
Circle  
I was a square when I met her  
And she didn't want me to change  
Liked me like I was  
Didn't impose no laws  
And sometimes  
Gave me a late night pass  
She was  
Just perfect  
She was  
A circle  
Could answer every riddle  
Jump over all my rainy puddle  
Would hold me tight in a cuddle  
Would never befuddle  
I wished I could be more like her  
So I polished my rough edges  
Drew a couple sketches  
Stopped hiding my secret sides  
And took control of my tides  
Perfect is subjective  
But  
I  
Am now  
A circle, as perfect as I could be  
She  
Has been  
A circle, as perfect as she could be  
Together  
We Are  
Circles, more perfect than we could be
